so let us write a function
LCST which takes the Strings X and Y with its
length m and N respectively as the parameters and returns
the length of longest comment sub string which will be
an integer as we learned and previous LCS problem for
the ease of Calculation we are adding an empty character
at the beginning so we need to create a table
for m
plus one and n plus one size to create a
2D array with one extra row and column So
write int DP of m plus one and n plus one
Now we need a variable to track the maximum sub
string length so declare result and initialised it to 0 so
write int result equal to zero now declare the
iterating variables i and j
So write int ij to iterate row write outer
for loop from i equal to 0 i lessthan or equal
to m
And to iterate the column write inner for loop
from J equal to zero to J lessthan or
equal to n as we are considering first characters as
empty
We need to mark the first row and first column
element to zero so write If i equal to zero or
j equal to zero dp of ij equal to zero
Now if the characters are equal we need to add
one to the previous longest comments sub string length that
can be found at DP of i minus one J
minus one
So write else if x of I minus one equal
to y of J minus one then dp of i
j equal to DP of i minus one J minus
one plus one
And if it is a new maximum length we need
to update result so write
If dp of ij is greater than result then result
equal to DP of IJ And if the characters are
not equal we can simply add zero there write else
dp of IJ equal to zero Now the final result
will be stored in the variable result so we can finally return result.